MICHIGAN LEGISLATURE

FOOD LAW
ACT 92 OF 2000
AN ACT to codify the licensure and regulation of certain persons engaged
in processing, manufacturing, production, packing, preparing, repacking,
canning, preserving, freezing, fabricating, storing, selling, serving,
or offering for sale food or drink for human consumption; to prescribe
powers and duties of the department of agriculture and rural
development; to provide for delegation of certain powers and duties to
certain local units of government; to provide exemptions; to regulate
the labeling, manufacture, distribution, and sale of food for protection
of the consuming public and to prevent fraud and deception by
prohibiting the misbranding, adulteration, manufacture, distribution,
and sale of foods in violation of this act; to provide standards for
food products and food establishments; to provide for immunity to
certain persons under certain circumstances; to provide for enforcement
of the act; to provide penalties and remedies for violation of the act;
to provide for fees; to provide for promulgation of rules; and to repeal
acts and parts of acts.
HISTORY: 2000, Act 92, Eff. Nov. 8, 2000 ;-- Am. 2015, Act 41, Imd. Eff.
June 3, 2015
COMPILER'S NOTES: Sec. 1117 of Act 92 of 2000 provides:“Sec. 1117. (1)
Subject to subsections (2) and (3), this act takes effect 6 months after
the date of enactment. “(2) Until 6 months after the effective date of
this act, compliance with the standards of the design, construction, and
equipment of a food service establishment approved under former sections
12901, 12902, 12903, 12904, 12905a, 12906, 12907, 12908, 12910, 12911,
12912, 12913, 12916, and 12921 of the public health code, MCL 333.12901,
333.12902, 333.12903, 333.12904, 333.12905a, 333.12906, 333.12907,
333.12908, 333.12910, 333.12911, 333.12912, 333.12913, 333.12916, and
333.12921, is considered compliance with this act. “(3) Beginning 6
months after the effective date of this act, a food service
establishment shall comply with the standards of design, construction,
and equipment established under this act.”

© 2017 Legislative Council, State of Michigan
_The People of the State of Michigan enact:_
